Faq's in markdown mode (#41)
kossiitkgp/KWoC-21-Frontend: public/faq.md

  - To learn more about git and github,check [these](https://github.com/kossiitkgp/Git-and-Github-2021).

- __What is the deadline for selecting projects? How many projects can we select?__

  - There is no deadline for selecting projects nor is there any restriction on the number of projects you can contribute to 
  - you can also switch between projects as much as you want. The only necessity is that you should have atleast one merged PR per week.

- __Where does KWoC occur? Do I need to be a student of IIT Kharagpur?__

  Kharagpur Winter of Code is to be done remotely from home, and it is not required for you to be student of **ANY** particular institute.

- __What is the purpose of this program? Is this some kind of internship?__
  
  **No**, KWoC is a program which aims at helping participants learn how to contribute in the open-source world. This activity prepares you for various open source opportunities such as [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/), [Rail Girl's Summer of Code and Outreachy](https://railsgirlssummerofcode.org).

- __Can I participate in KWoC as both a mentor and a student?__

>   We do encourage participation into project development from everyone; but if you are a mentor we won't be publishing your stats nor will you be going through evaluations.

Reviewer: We can improve this answer, we can write it something like this. 

```suggestion
 Yes, you can. Although we won't count your contribution to your own project. We do encourage participation into project development from everyone.
```

- __What can I do to help spread the word about KWoC?__

  Nothing makes us happier than people spreading words about open-source; to begin, you can like our [facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/kossiitkgp) and increase awareness about KWoC in your college; nothing works better than word of mouth.

> 

Reviewer: Add links to other koss platforms, twitter and linkedin.

Author: resolved

- __What if I have a question not answered in this FAQ?__
  

>   Please make sure to read the website,manual. If after reading through it you still don't have an answer please consider reaching out to us on admin@kossiitkgp.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please make sure to go through the respective manual. If after reading through it you still don't have an answer please consider reaching out to us on admin@kossiitkgp.org.
```

# STUDENT
- __How should I get selected in KWOC?__

  There is absolutely no selection criteria for students. You are selected in the program as soon as you register. So you don't have to ask your mentors "How to get selected for your project?", but instead go ahead with **"How can I contribute to your project?"**.

- __My mentor is not replying, What should I do?__

  Please be patient with your mentor(s). If you do not get a response on the communication channel, contact the mentor on their email id. If no response for 3 days, inform us.

- __What is the last date of student registration?__

  Students registration deadline is 6th December. The contribution chart goes live at the same time, so be quick. 
  > early bird catches the worm :) .

- __Can I show the contributions that I have made in KWoC for participating in any competitions?__
  
  All the contributions that you will make in KWoC will be displayed on your GitHub timeline. So, that is a big plus if you are participating in any competitions and your GitHub profile is on display.

> - __Can I apply if I am not a student of IIT Kharagpur?__
> 
>   Sure ! Our program is open to __all__ students irrespective of college ! Is there any eligibility criteria and pre-requisites? There is no strict eligibility criteria as such. Read [this](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-prerequisite-for-participating-in-Kharagpur-Winter-of-Code-2016) Quora answer by Pranit Bauva.

Reviewer: Similar question above, let's make both the answers same. 

```suggestion
- __Can I apply if I am not a student of IIT Kharagpur?__

  Sure! Our program is open to __all__ students irrespective of college! Is there. Read [this](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-prerequisite-for-participating-in-Kharagpur-Winter-of-Code-2016) Quora answer by Pranit Bauva.
```

- __Can you provide me any advice so that I can start preparing for it beforehand?__
  

>   Play around git and GitHub. Create an account on GitHub, set up git on your machine and start experimenting with it. You can also begin by following Codecademy's git interactive tutorial.

Reviewer: Update this section. We can add better advice here.

Reviewer 2: some specific links for git and github - Codeacademy link. Along with how to get started with open source links?

Author: ```suggestion
 Get familiar with git and Github. Check  [this](https://opensource.guide)Open Source guide.  Also, practice git [here](https://gitimmersion.com/index.html). You can also begin by following [Codecademy's git interactive tutorial](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-git).
```

Author: @sahil-shubham , @rakaar ,how is this?

Reviewer: This is better. Thanks @likhith2003

- __What are my chances of receiving a position in KWoC?__

>   Pretty fair ! You need to be working for the whole month regardless of your expertise level.

Reviewer: What does this even mean? "position" as in rank? or certificate?

Author: oh,i didnot check properly.it is in faq last year.removing this irrelevant one

- __Is there any other similar kind of program that I might find interesting?__

  Other programs similar to KWoC are [GirlScript Summer of Code](https://gssoc.girlscript.tech) organised by GirlScript India. If you meant similar to GSoC, then check out [this](https://github.com/deepanshu1422/List-Of-Open-Source-Internships-Programs) awesome list of programs.

- __How much time in a day do I need to give for KWoC?__
  
  GSoC requires 40 hours per week in summers. For KWoC, you may give 1-2 hours daily and that includes conversation with your mentor(s). More the projects you contribute to, more the time in conversing about the work.

- __Will I receive a certificate at the end of the KWoC?__
  

>   If you remain with us till the end of the program, then you'll receive a certificate for completion of the program.

Reviewer: Verbose answer here would be good. 
```suggestion
  If you remain with us till the end of the program, then you'll receive a certificate for completion of the program. You would have to clear both the mid and end evaluation to get the certificate. More details can be found in our [manual](link here)
```

Author: need to edit student,mentor manuals of 2k20,i will edit and ask for u r reviewms and will put link here.ok? @sahil-shubham

Author: edit means changing 2020 to 2021 mainly,will also read them and will suggest something,if something is to be improvised

Reviewer: Sounds good. Add a TODO here to update the link, just in case so that we don't forget.
